feat(docs): add tf to concepts (#308)
aica-technology/api: docs/docs/concepts/ros-concepts/tf.md

- **Time awareness**: TF supports time-stamped transforms, allowing you to look up the state of the system at any
  historical or current time. This is particularly useful for synchronizing data from multiple sensors.
- **Distributed system**: TF can operate with a central server that contains all transform information, allowing all ROS
  components on any computer in the system to access the data.

<div class="text--center">
  <img src={tfTree} alt="Typical TF tree" />
</div>

The image above shows a typical TF tree in a simple robotic application. There are numerous coordinate frames with their
respective names, each with an arrow that points towards their reference frame. For instance, the transform of the
camera is defined in `world` frame, as is the `base` of the robot. The transform of the `object` is known with respect
to the camera and the pose of the `ur_tool0` frame is given by successive transformations along the robot links.

To drive the robot towards the object, one needs to know where the object is relative to the robot coordinate system.
Doing the math to chain all these transformations manually is cumbersome and prone to errors. TF provides an easy way

> out by allowing to look up the transform between two frames that are part of the same tree directly:

Reviewer: 'easy way out by allowing to look up' into just -> 'easy way to look up'

I also don't think this sentence flows nicely into the message example. I would rather end it with a full stop. Then move the paragraph describing "A transform message ...." above the actual message example.

```suggestion
to look up the transform between any two frames that are part of the same tree directly.

Transforms are defined in a `geometry_msgs/msg/TransformStamped` message. It is stamped, i.e
 [... rest of the paragraph ...] and the unit quaternion of the rotation.

\```
header:
  stamp:
    sec: 1750404981
    nanosec: 370141910
  frame_id: base
child_frame_id: object
transform:
  translation:
    x: 0.250897
    y: 0.154403
    z: 0.097337
  rotation:
    x: 0.0
    y: -0.707107
    z: 0.707107
    w: 0.0
\```

Understanding the concept of TF, coordinate frames and their reference frames ...

```

to the camera and the pose of the `ur_tool0` frame is given by successive transformations along the robot links.

To drive the robot towards the object, one needs to know where the object is relative to the robot coordinate system.
Doing the math to chain all these transformations manually is cumbersome and prone to errors. TF provides an easy way
to look up the transform between any two frames that are part of the same tree directly.

Transforms are defined in a `geometry_msgs::msg::TransformStamped` message. It is stamped, meaning it has a time
associated with the transform. It also has a `frame_id` that refers to the reference frame of the transform, and a
`child_frame_id`, which is the name of the transform. Latstly, it contains the values for the translation vector and
the unit quaternion representing the rotation.

```
header:
  stamp:
    sec: 1750404981
    nanosec: 370141910
  frame_id: base
child_frame_id: object
transform:
  translation:
    x: 0.250897
    y: 0.154403
    z: 0.097337
  rotation:
    x: 0.0
    y: -0.707107
    z: 0.707107
    w: 0.0
```

> Understanding the concept of TF, coordinate frames and their reference frames is crucial because it forms the foundation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the concepts of TF, coordinate frames and their reference frames is crucial because it forms the foundation
```
